Add docs for Hermes Consumption in RNW 0.64 (#312)
microsoft/react-native-windows-samples: docs/hermes.md

### Using Hermes in an existing project
Hermes can be enabled in existing projects with a few edits.

First, set the `UseHermes` property to `true` in the `BuildFlags.props` file in your project's `windows` directory:

```xml
<PropertyGroup Label="Microsoft.ReactNative Build Flags">
  ...
  <UseHermes>true</UseHermes>
</PropertyGroup>
```

Second, add the Hermes NuGet package to `packages.config`, found next to your projects `vcxproj` file:

```xml
<packages>
  ...
  <package id="ReactNative.Hermes.Windows" version="0.7.1" targetFramework="native" />
</packages>
```

Finally, edit the `ExtensionTargets` ItemGroup in your project's `vcxproj` file to import targets from the NuGet package:

```xml
<ImportGroup Label="ExtensionTargets">
  ...
  <Import Project="..\packages\ReactNative.Hermes.Windows.0.7.1\build\native\ReactNative.Hermes.Windows.targets" Condition="Exists('..\packages\ReactNative.Hermes.Windows.0.7.1\build\native\ReactNative.Hermes.Windows.targets')" />
</ImportGroup>
```

### Disabling Hermes
If you've built a project using Hermes and want to opt-out, the above instructions may be reversed.

### Known limitations

> - Hermes is not yet supported when using C# projects

Reviewer: Was the "make Hermes work in UWP" work completed? I see the Hermes task still marked untriaged: https://github.com/microsoft/hermes-windows/issues/20

Since UWP is the only supported target for RNW, I think this doc should be internal-only until we get UWP, otherwise it's going to be confusing for people building RNW [UWP] apps.

Author: My understanding is that @mganandraj stubbed out non-UWP APIs about a year ago, so we do compile with the correct app partition and everything works. I'm not sure we run WACK yet on Hermes, which we probably should.

But yeah, Hermes is focused solely UWP. Office/Win32 is invested in V8 in the near-term.

- Hermes debugger is not yet supported
- Enabling Hermes leads to a very large download on initial build. This will become smaller in the future

> - Hermes is not yet compatible with other experimental features, like NuGet distribution or WinUI3

Reviewer: Align with the rest of the docs:
```suggestion
- Hermes is not yet compatible with other experimental features, like NuGet distribution or WinUI 3
```

(and remove the Winui3 exemption)

> - The binary for Hermes is not yet signed by Microsoft

Reviewer: + Direct debugging is not supported, which means Turbo Modules are not supported either

Author: TurboModules can't yet be used outside of  RNW project internals in general, so this shouldn't be a concern.

> Be sure to set your target's deployment target to at least 10.14 before running `pod install`

## Hermes on Windows:
Hermes is experimentally supported on Windows, generally providing better performance characteristics than the default Chakra engine.

### Enabling Hermes for new projects

> The easiest way to enable Hermes is to pass the `--useHermes` flag to `react-native-windows-init` when creating a new project. This will set up your project to use the Herems engine and to generate bundles as Hermes bytecode instead of JavaScript.

Reviewer: The easiest way to enable Hermes is to pass the `--useHermes` flag to `react-native-windows-init` when creating a new project. This will set up your project to use the Hermes engine and to generate bundles as Hermes bytecode instead of JavaScript.
